went to such that eta is there we are a
forgetful good means with a new
trick in gta 5 a click and good he wants
say that if you want me to upload more tricks
and so you simply will not have to
say for the comments
and I upload all you want
well then to perform this trick
to go to the area of ​​the helipad
where are the helicopters and other
location if not known I imagine
that almost everyone will know good
time you are here in this area
go down that ramp and beige to ramp and catch
a weapon when you have a weapon or you stick
to the wall that wall as you are seeing
in the video with the reverse or r1 according to the
that ye console and going to go until
more or less the water covers the chest a
Once the water is already covering the
chest to go to aim and shoot at
wall and see that it leaves the gun has
changed by a city knife has been
changed the weapon for a knife that the
you have done well to catching
and climb the ramp again and you'll see
what are you floating and carrying depends on
what his vice then more higher would be
now go see that I upload even one
higher ramp and I go up more is to say that
you can go up all the slopes that
you want and you're going to be at a level that does not
you are working
this trick serves very good if you have and
you are able to climb the hill chillout
this and you climb up you have in the
milk not rise so high good here you
I put another one is the trick in case we have left
very clear steps but I think that
very easy paste from the treated pallet
hit and shot
and good as I tell you while more way
for more higher will you be able to
rub all over the water you can shoot
you can put up fireworks
ok and could do everything
You want good I hope you liked it
the video remember the life favorites and
see you in the next goodbye
Y